Update Kubeapps on TKG tutorial to comply style guidelines (#5298)
vmware-tanzu/kubeapps: site/content/docs/latest/tutorials/kubeapps-on-tkg/step-3.md

The general procedure to add any repository is described below:

1. Log in to Kubeapps as described in the previous step.

> 2. Click the **right menu\*** button in the top right corner (dotted square).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the **right menu*** button in the top right corner (dotted square).
```

Author: Thanks for the revision. Updated!

3. Click the **Package Repositories** option in the right menu to navigate to the `Package Repositories` page.

   ![Right menu](../../img/kubeapps-on-tkg/kubeapps-menu-right.png)

4. Add a new repository by clicking the **Add Package Repository** button.

   > **NOTE**: If no repositories were specified in the `initialRepos` chart parameter during the Kubeapps installation, no repositories are displayed on the `Package Repositories` page.

5. Fill the _Add a Package Repository_ form using the guidelines below:

- `Name` field is a friendly display name for the repository.
- `URL` field specifies the endpoint of the repository. This endpoint might require different forms of authentication, such as `None`, `Basic Auth` (username and password), `Bearer Token` (a token) or another `Custom` mechanism.
- `Description` field (optional) is a brief summary for the repository.
- `Packaging format` field specifies the format of the packages available in the repository.
- `Scope` field specifies where the packages from the repository could be installed in the cluster (globally on any namespace or limited to an specific namespace in the cluster).

> - `Package Storage Type` field specifies the type of repository. Currently, Kubeapps supports both Helm repositories and OCI registries.

Reviewer: Just FTR, this field is also applicable to Carvel, I think. We are using imgPkgBundle, but others are also available.

  ![Package repositories modal part 1](../../img/kubeapps-on-tkg/apprepository-detail-general.png)

> - `Repository Authorization` field if selected `Docker Registry` options, needs to specifies an `imagePullSecret` for images that are to be pulled from the private registry. It is possible to create a fresh secret or choose an existing one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Repository Authorization` field provides additional credentials for pulling the container images from a registry. When selecting the `Docker Registry` as the `Repository Authorization`, this field is required. 
Whereas this value usually is the same as the one used in the `Docker Registry, it is possible to create a fresh secret or choose an existing one.
```

  ![Package repositories modal part 3](../../img/kubeapps-on-tkg/apprepository-authentication.png)

> - For OCI registrie, it is necessary to also manually specify the list of artifacts to fetch in the **List of Repositories** field (as there is no index yet). Additionally, artifacts can be excluded using regular expressions if required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For OCI registries, when using the Helm plugin, it is necessary to also manually specify the list of OCI artifacts to fetch in the **List of Repositories** field (as there is no standard index yet). 
Additionally, artifacts can be excluded using regular expressions if required.
```

Author: Thanks for the revision. Updated!

  ![Package repositories modal part 3](../../img/kubeapps-on-tkg/apprepository-filtering.png)

> - `Synchronization Interval` field specifies the synchronization template to use when periodically pulling the latest changes from the application repository (available for Helm via Flux and Carvel).

Reviewer: > (available for Helm via Flux and Carvel)

There are plenty of conditional elements, like the repo filters (only available for Helm), description (just Helm), etc... perhaps we should add this message to every field... or even skip mentioning it for consistency (and for the sake of the maintainability 😅 )

Author: Thanks for the revision. Updated!

- `Custom CA Certificate` field specifies a CA certificate to use (with an option to skip the TLS verification if required).

  ![Package repositories modal part 3](../../img/kubeapps-on-tkg/apprepository-advanced.png)

6. Click the **Install Repository** button to finish the process and add the repository to Kubeapps.

> Retrieving the catalog from the repository takes a few minutes. Once complete, the contents of the repository become available in Kubeapps. To check the progress of the synchronization task, use the following command, replacing `REPOSITORY-NAME` with the name configured above:

Reviewer: This is just for the Helm plugin, I'd rather remove this part:
> To check the progress of the synchronization task, use the following command, replacing `REPOSITORY-NAME` with the name configured above

Author: Thanks for the revision. Updated!

```bash
kubectl logs -n kubeapps -l apprepositories.kubeapps.com/repo-name=REPOSITORY-NAME
```

The following sections demonstrate the process of filling the **Add a Package Repository** form for two specific examples: VMware Marketplace™ and VMware Tanzu™ Application Catalog™ for Tanzu™ Advanced.

### Add the VMware Marketplace™

> **NOTE**: This repository is currently under heavy development. Therefore, the URL used below is subject to change.

The public content from the VMware Marketplace™ repository can be retrieved at `https://charts.market.csp.vmware.com/bitnami`. Since this is a public repository, it is only necessary to configure the following values in the _Add a Package Repository_ form:

- `Name`: Add a descriptive name, such as `vmware-marketplace`.
- `URL`: Use the endpoint URL `https://charts.market.csp.vmware.com/bitnami`.
- `Packaging format`: use `Helm Charts`.
- `Repository Authorization`: leave by default as `None`.

> - Leave rest of fields as set by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Leave the rest of the fields as set by default.
```

Author: Thanks for the revision. Updated!
